So, what good is a contacts app if you can't create new context?
Let's add a new screen to this,
which will allow us to add new people onto our list.
So, the first thing we want to do is create a new file in our app.
We'll call it CreateContact.js.
We need to, as always,
import React and component.
Now, let's make our component class by saying CreateContact,
it's going to extends Component,
and this will be a boring render method for now.
Let's just have a div.
We'll say Create Contact,
and then we need to make sure that we export this as the default export.
Then now what we can do inside of our app file,
we can go ahead and import that.
So we will import CreateContact from the module we just barely created.
Let's go ahead and render it just to make sure that it works.
So down here, we can say CreateContact,
and now you'll notice that we have it right here.
So, the idea here isn't just to show every different component inside of our app,
but instead to show different components based on the current URL.
But before jumping straight to React router,
let's go ahead and implement a few of these steps on our own.
So, we already know how to use component state,
so let's go ahead and use component state first in
order to decide which component we should render.
So, what we will do is let's come up here to our state and we'll add a new property,
let's call it screen.
We'll have this default to create,
and then now what that's going to allow us to do is inside of our render method,
what we can do is we can say if this.state.screen equals list,
then go ahead and show
the ListContacts component and we'll do the same thing for CreateContacts.
So, we will say if this.state.screen equals create,
then go ahead and show the CreateContact component.
So now, what we get is
our CreateContact component and we can
come over here and manually change this back to list,
and what we will get is now our list component.
So, let's go ahead and change this back to create,
and then in the next video,
we will take this a step further.